Lips as red as roses Growing near a tree
Her mouth is like black petals, deaf as lilacs and poppies
Her hair is like cherry blossom, like long long daisy chains
Buttercups falling from the sky, a pyramid of curled wild roses
We love you mum, we love you mum Eyes like bluebirds growing
We love you mum, we love you mum Strawberries growing in the field
Poppies and earthy green grass One two three four five six seven eight nine
Chag, her hair, flowing in the garden Like roses growing in the fields
We love you mum, we love you mum Bluebirds growing in the forest
We love you mum, we love you mum Like lilacs falling from a tree
Her hair is full of red red roses Plated with red red roses
Cheeks like poppies growing in the autumn In the meadow with the big red sun
We love you mum, we love you mum Eyes as green as the grass in the summer
We love you mum, we love you mum Growing with your head held high
You are a colourful rainbow, like a meadow filled with flowers
With mouths as red as roots, smells like fragrance of roses
A row of forget-me-not in summer, as ground and sunflower growing
Like leaves falling in the autumn, I shine like daffodils
We love you mum, we love you mum You are a daffodils, growing in the spring morning
We love you mum, we love you mum You are the bluebirds, blooming in the fields
We love you mum, we love you mum Her face as yellow as the flowers in the garden
We love you mum, we love you mum Pretty as a rose, falling like a rose, petals in spring
Thanks for watching!